Add Rancher Application Collection subsection, verify images (#443)
kubewarden/docs: docs/howtos/application-collection/01-verify-images.md

Application Collection](https://apps.rancher.io/) with Kubewarden.

It does so by deploying the [Verify Image
Signatures](https://artifacthub.io/packages/kubewarden/verify-image-signatures/verify-image-signatures)
policy and configuring the PolicyServers so they can pull the signature layers
of the images from Application Collection.

:::info
You need an access token or service account authentication to Application Collection.
:::

## Authenticating to Rancher Application Collection

Following the [Application Collection
docs](https://docs.apps.rancher.io/get-started/authentication/), create a an
access token and set up the cluster so it can pull from the Application
Collection registry, with a Docker Config Secret such as this one:

```console
$ kubectl create secret docker-registry application-collection \
  --docker-server=dp.apps.rancher.io \
  --docker-username=<mymail> \
  --docker-password=<mytoken>
```

## Create Secret for the PolicyServer so they can pull from Rancher Application Collection

The PolicyServer we are using needs to be configured so it can pull the image
layers that contain the signatures.

> Following the [private registries how-to](../policy-servers/private-registry)
> for Policy Servers, create a Docker Config Secret **in the same namespace of
> the PolicyServer**. This can be achieved by instanting a Secret with exactly
> the same contents as the previous `application-collection`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the [private registries how-to](../policy-servers/private-registry)
for Policy Servers, create a Docker Config Secret **in the same namespace of
the PolicyServer**. Do this by instantiating a Secret with
the same contents as the previous `application-collection`.
```

For PolicyServer `default`, installed with the `kubewarden-defaults` Helm chart
under the `kubewarden` namespace, it would be:

```console
$ kubectl create secret docker-registry application-collection-kw -n kubewarden \
  --docker-server=dp.apps.rancher.io \
  --docker-username=<mymail> \
  --docker-password=<mytoken>
```

## Configure PolicyServers to use the new Secret

> If using the PolicyServer `default` from the `kubewarde-defaults` Helm chart,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using the PolicyServer `default` from the `kubewarden-defaults` Helm chart,
```

configure it with the imagePullSecret `application-collection-kw` in the same
namespace by setting the following values for the chart:

```console
$ helm upgrade -i --wait --namespace kubewarden \
  --create-namespace kubewarden-defaults kubewarden/kubewarden-defaults \
  --reuse-values \
  --set policyServer.imagePullSecret=application-collection-kw
```

If you are using other PolicyServers, set their

> [`spec.imagePullSecret`](https://docs.kubewarden.io/reference/CRDs#policyserverspec).

Reviewer: Unless you particularly want a full URL (goes in a new tab)
```suggestion
[`spec.imagePullSecret`](../../reference/CRDs#policyserverspec).
```
